components: Add ZStack (#31613)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/z-stack/README.md

# ZStack

> **Experimental!**

## Usage

`ZStack` allows you to stack things along the Z-axis.

```jsx
import { __experimentalZStack as ZStack } from '@wordpress/components';

function Example() {
	return (
		<ZStack offset={ 20 } isLayered>
			<ExampleImage />
			<ExampleImage />
			<ExampleImage />
		</ZStack>
	);
}
```

## Props

> ### `isLayered`: `boolean`
> 
> Layers children elements on top of each other (first: highest z-index, last: lowest z-index). Defaults to `true`.
> 
> ### `isReversed`: `boolean`
> 
> Reverse the layer ordering (first: lowest z-index, last: highest z-index). Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: Minor: clarifying how `isLayered` works, making the stacking order more explicit

```suggestion
### `isLayered`: `boolean`

When `true`, the children are stacked on top of each other. When `false`, the children follow the normal flow of the layout. Defaults to `true`.

### `isReversed`: `boolean`

Reverse the layer ordering. When `true`, the first child has the lowest `z-index` and the last child has the highest `z-index`. When `false`, the first child has the highest `z-index` and the last child has the lowest `z-index`. Defaults to `false`.
```
